# Digital IC Design

## Frequency Analysis System

### Introduction
- Accelerometers have recently been widely used in 3C products, communication equipment, vehicle safety, medical electronics, industrial monitoring, etc., where the application of acceleration sensors is more common; acceleration sensors provide acceleration and speed. And the information of the displacement, the time domain, the frequency domain data analysis, according to the information provided can analyze and detect the bearing balance of the mechanical equipment, faults, etc., to prevent machinery Serious damage to the equipment and improved reliability and safety of the product. The operation analysis circuit is an operation analysis circuit applied to the sensing system to judge the vibration signal of the instrument and the device. The front end of the system will read the value of the gravitational acceleration transmitted by the sensing circuit. The time domain signal generated by the gravitational acceleration value passes through the filter, locks the vibration frequency range of the instrument and the device, and generates the environment. The noise and high-frequency signal filtering, and the FFT (Fast Fourier Transform) circuit converts the time domain signal into the frequency domain signal, and finally analyzes the frequency information to find the main frequency band. Please complete a finite impulse response filter ( Finite Impulse Response Filter, FIR Filter), a fast Fourier transform (FFT: Fast Fourier Transform) and a spectrum analysis circuit. The system has 4 signal inputs (clk, rst, data, data_valid) and 21 signal outputs (fir_d, fir_valid, fft_d0~fft_d15, fft_valid, done, freq).

## AUTHORS
[Yu-Tong Shen](https://github.com/yutongshen/)
